Fixes #2326 - Changes for various small aerodromes in Scotland/Northern Ireland (#2327)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

7. Enhancement - Add Northolt SMAA - thanks to @cbyworth (Chad Byworth)
8. Enhancement - Adding Airport files for EGBP - thanks to @1adamf (Adam Farquharson)
9. Enhancement - New EGBP SMR - thanks to @RussWragg (Russ Wragg)

> 10. Bug - EGHC Lands End ATZ Added - thanks to @gdonohoe (Gregg Donohoe)
> 11. Bug - Changes for various small aerodromes in Scotland/Northern Ireland - thanks to @gdonohoe (Gregg Donohoe)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
X. Bug - Changes for various small aerodromes in Scotland/Northern Ireland - thanks to @gdonohoe (Gregg Donohoe)
```

Reviewer: EGHC changes made in #2320
